hey guys welcome back to my channel I'm
here to do a little I guess
demonstration and a review on the new
Revlon Photoready concealer it looks
like this
so I originally got the one in medium
deep they end up being like my exact
skin color so I did go back and I got
another one in light/medium so I'm going
to mix them so yeah so first I'm going
with the medium deep and I just apply it
like that see and then I go over it with
the lighter one it looks like we're
putting on the LA but it's really not
once you blend it think I like about
this one is super blendable and how I
came across this
I usually give the Bobbi Brown creamy
concealer and honey but I really didn't
feel like buying a new one so that let
me try you know the Revlon one see if
it's comparable and it actually is
pretty good um the consistency is
similar to the Bobbi Brown they're both
very creamy obviously you know the Bobbi
Brown
um I think that Bobbi Brown has a little
bit better coverage that you don't have
to use as much but you know um the body
Brown is like twenty two dollars I think
but the Revlon Colorstay photo-ready
concealer it's really really good it's
it's really good so good on turn
alternative if you guys don't want to
spend like a whole bunch of my in a
concealer and you want to find a good
drugstore concealer I just blend it like
that just use my finger and I cut it in
like that and I already did this i right
here and i also already applied my
foundation i use the revlon colorstay
and i join along with the brush like
this and then now i'm going to set it of
the forever Make Up For Ever HD powder
like that and I just use a fluffy soft
brush like this from equal tools dip it
in there and just
you set the rest of my makeup and you
want to make sure you get under here now
if I am using my own powder foundation
instead of the Revlon Colorstay
foundation I use the concealer first but
with the liquid foundation I always put
my concealer on after my foundation
that's just how I did I know people will
do it you know some people do it before
some people do it after but I just do it
after so yeah the Revlon
concealer is like ten dollars but you
can definitely like go to Walgreens you
get like the buy one get one half off
the Revlon products and that's it I
think it came out good um so yeah I
definitely recommend it um I was trying
to look for reviews on it I could we
find any so definitely want to review it
um looks like this though and you just
twist it up like that it's like a
lipstick so yeah I really honestly do
love it um I probably won't buy Bobby
Brown again unless um I'm hey no I don't
know I think I definitely will keep
using the Revlon just to save money and
everything it works pretty good I think
it works almost just as good I just
think I had to use a little bit more of
the Revlon to get the coverage I need
but yeah thumbs up from that five